He was commissioned from the Indian Military Academy on 1 February 1935 and was attached to a British Army regiment, 1st battalion The King's Shropshire Light Infantry.[1] He joined the 5th battalion, 11th Sikh Regiment 16 March 1936.[2] His initial date of commission was antedated to 4 February 1934 and he was promoted Lieutenant 4 May 1936.[3] He saw active service on the Frontier Waziristan operations.
He was the first and senior most Muslim Commissioned Officer to join the Indian Army Ordnance Corps in 1940. He served in Iraq and Iran in various senior appointments such as DADOD 10th Army and Chief Ordnance Officer. He graduated from the Staff College, Quetta, in 1945 and commanded various Ordnance Depots in India. He was then appointed ADOS in G.H.Q. India where he was in charge of Operation and training for the Ordnance Service.
On the independence of Pakistan in 1947, he opted for Pakistan Army and came to Pakistan as Deputy Director Ordnance Service G.H.Q. Rawalpindi. Later he was appointed Director of Weapon and Equipment in the General Staff Branch G.H.Q. and subsequently took over as Director of Staff Duties. On completion of tenure, he was appointed Director of Inter-Services Intelligence, Karachi.
He was selected for Foreign Service in 1951 and was appointed Deputy Secretary in the Ministry of Foreign affairs in charge of the Middle East Division. Later, he became Chief of Protocol. In 1952 he was selected for the appointment of Counselor, Pakistan High Commission, London. He has been counselor in Iraq, Iran and Turkey. He has been charge d'affairs as Joint secretary, Chief of Protocol. He was honored with the 'Order of Monrovia' and 'Membership of the Civil Merit' from Spain.
The film follows the life of a star television journalist caught in a spiral of events that will lead to her downfall. Between drama and comedy, France seeks to compare the intimate and public crisis of a young woman with a portrait of contemporary France.[2] The film had its world premiere at the Cannes Film Festival on 15 July 2021. It was released in France on 25 August 2021 by ARP Selection.
France de Meurs (Léa Seydoux) is the star reporter for a popular French TV news show. Thanks to her charm and hard-hitting reports from war zones, she plays the role of a hard hitting and honest reporter. However, when we see the other side of the shots on location, we realize that her concern is not only the strict journalistic truth, but also the staging of sequences that show her off to best advantage. She is constantly pushed in this direction by Lou (Blanche Gardin), her cynical assistant. She's married to Fred, an author, and has a son, Jojo, but her relationship with them is very strained, her work taking up most of her time.
One morning, while driving her son to school, France knocks down a young man on a scooter. The event was immediately exploited by social networks, and she realized how fragile her popularity was. Sincerely affected by the fate of Baptiste, whom she had sent to hospital, she went to visit him and decided to help his family, against her husband's advice. She then sinks into depression and decides to leave the news channel.
She heads off to Bavaria, to a health resort in the heart of the snow-capped mountains, where she meets Charles Castro, a young man undergoing treatment. They begin an affair, and France is relieved to meet someone who doesn't know of her fame. However, she discovers that Charles is an unscrupulous journalist who has tricked her into falling in love with her for a magazine piece he is writing on her. Although the young man tells her he's really fallen in love with her, she violently rejects him.
Back in Paris, she resumes her job at the station, enduring the harassment of Charles, who has become obsessed with her. She is not really cured of her depression. The sudden death of her husband and son in a car accident takes its toll on her, but strangely enough, after hitting rock bottom, she realizes that her previous problems were rather trivial, and decides to give Charles another chance, as he may be the only one left she can turn to.
Northman (Old English: Norþman; fl. 994) was a late 10th-century English earl, with a territorial base in Northumbria north of the River Tees. A figure with this name appears in two different strands of source material. These are, namely, a textual tradition from Durham witnessed by Historia de Sancto Cuthberto and by the Durham Liber Vitae; and the other an appearance in a witness list of a charter of King Æthelred II dated to 994. The latter is Northman's only appearance south of the Humber, and occurred the year after Northumbria was attacked by Vikings.[1]
Almost nothing is known about Northman besides his title and status as a landowner and ecclesiastical donor in northern Northumbia, our ignorance extending to the identities of his parents and any children or spouses he may have had. Northman is never given a patronymic, and although he is associated with landholdings in what would later become County Durham there is no explicit statement about the geography of any "earldom" he held. There is a possibility therefore that the two appearances of Northman represent different characters, though they are generally thought to be the same.
The first witness to Northman's existence (and importance) is provided by textual tradition preserved in Durham, reproduced by two related sources. The former of these is the grant — one of three grants written into a blank leaf at the end of the original volume of the Durham Liber Vitae — ascribed to Earl Northman (the other two to Earl Ulfketil and Earl Thored).[3] Northman's grant is in folio 33v,[4] and is thought to date to the late 10th or early 11th century.[5] It records that Northman gave Escomb (on the River Wear between Witton-le-Wear and Bishop Auckland) to the community of St Cuthbert.
These are the lands which Bishop Aldhun [990–1018] and the whole congregation of St Cuthbert presented to these three, Earl Ethred, Earl Northman and Earl Uhtred: Gainford, Whorlton, Sledwich, Barforth, Startforth, Lartington, Marwood Green, Stainton, Streatlam, Cleatlam, Langton, Morton Tinmouth, Piercebridge, Bishop Auckland and West Auckland, Copeland, Weardseatle, Binchester, Cuthbertestun, Thickley, Escombe, Witton-le-Wear, Hunwick, Newton Cap, Helme Park. Whoever seizes from St Cuthbert any part of these, may he perish on the Day of Judgment.[8]
f these identifications are correct, and given that ealdorman of southern Northumbria appears in the same charter, it is unclear what arrangement allowed both Waltheof and Northman to hold the status of dux in northern Northumbria at the same time. Northumbria in this period was only supposed to have had two figures of such status, though this depends tradition about the legacy of kings Eadred and Edgar the Peaceable not attested until the 12th century. In that tradition there were separate 'earls' for Northumbria north and south of the Tees.
Woolf thought that both Northman and Waltheof were in the south for this reason.[14] The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle reported that, in 994, the year of this charter and the year following the attack on Northumbria, Óláfr Tryggvason and Sveinn Forkbeard attacked London and southern England.[16]
It is not known when or how Northman died, nor who succeeded him directly. Nor can a relationship with any other Northumbrian earl be established, though if there is any accuracy or chronological order to the lease notice in the Historia de Sancto Cuthberto, he lived until at least the beginning of Aldhun's episcopate, and was followed by Uhtred of Bamburgh.[17]
In this year Bamburgh was sacked and much booty was captured there, and after that the army came to the mouth of the Humber and did great damage there, both in Lindsey and in Northumbria. Then a very large English army was collected, and when they should have joined battle, the leaders Fræna, Godwine and Frythegyst, first started the flight.[15]
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi also visited Dushanbe about a month before the summit,[11] as did Uzbek Foreign Minister Abdulaziz Kamilov.[12] The corresponding heads of government meeting will take place in December in Astana, Kazakhstan.[13]At the meeting we approved the draft resolution of the Council of Heads of State 'On the SCO Draft Development Strategy until 2025,' which will determine the guidelines for future interaction and improve our action efficiency. The current meeting’s peculiarity is that the work on the coordination and preparation of legal documents on the admission of new members is actually on the homestretch. The delegations' heads have approved draft procedures for the granting of SCO member status and a new version of the model memorandum on the obligations of applicant states, seeking the SCO member state status.
Military exercises will commence on 24 August,[4] scheduled to be the biggest in 10 years.[5] A joint anti-terrorist drill was also held in China[6] from 24 to 29 August[7] with about 7,000 troops[8] including over 200 Tajiks,[9] over 480 Kyrgyz who were the first to arrive. By 12, August, over 1,000 non-Chinese soldiers and officers were headed to Inner Mongolia via road, rail and air.[7] There were also 12 Russian aircraft in the exercise.[10]
NR R debuted as a music director in 2010 with Thenmerku Paruvakaatru directed by Seenu Ramasamy which met with critical acclaim and went on to win three National Film Awards at the 58th National Film Awards.[3] His second film was Krishnaveni Panjaalai (2012). Meanwhile he had also composed SR Prabhakaran's Sundarapandiyan and Seenu Ramasamy's Neerparavai in the same year, while the former was a commercial success, the latter was critically well received. He also worked for music director G. V. Prakash Kumar's debutant productional movie Madha Yaanai Koottam.
