State Route 360 (SR 360) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia. The state highway runs 41.77 miles (67.22 km) from U.S. Route 360, US 58 Business, and SR 293 in Danville east to US 360 and SR 344 near Scottsburg. SR 360 is the old alignment of US 360 through Danville, eastern Pittsylvania County, and Halifax County, including the latter's county seat of Halifax, before the U.S. Highway was moved to its present course mostly concurrent with US 58 via South Boston.
SR 360 begins at a four-way intersection with US 58 Business, US 360, and SR 293 just north of the Dan River and downtown Danville. US 58 Business heads west as Riverside Drive toward Martinsville and east on River Street concurrent toward South Boston with US 360, which also has its western terminus at this
ntersection. SR 293 heads south across the river as Main Street and runs concurrently with SR 360 on two-lane undivided North Main Street. The two highways diverse a short distance to the north, with SR 293 continuing along North Main Street and SR 360 heading northeast along Richmond Boulevard.
The state highway becomes Old Richmond Road on exiting the independent city of Danville and entering Pittsylvania County. SR 360 crosses over Fall Creek and Norfolk Southern Railway's Danville District. The state highway crosses over US 29 (Danville Expressway) and has an intersection with SR 41, which provides access to a partial cloverleaf interchange with the U.S. Highway to Lynchburg and Greensboro. SR 360 gradually curves to the east after passing through the hamlets of Beaver Park, Keeling, and Red Oak Hollow in eastern Pittsylvania County.[1][2]
SR 360 becomes Mountain Road as it enters Halifax County, where it passes through Vernon Hill and Mountain Road, the site of its junction with SR 57 (Chatham Road). East of Mountain Road, the highway enters the town of Halifax. SR 360 intersects SR 349 (Edmunds Boulevard), a very short route on two sides of the Halifax County courthouse, before intersecting US 501 (Main Street). The two highways head northeast together to the northern town limit, where US 501 splits northwest toward Lynchburg as L.P.
Bailey Memorial Highway and SR 360 heads east as Bethel Road, which crosses the Banister River a short distance south of its impoundment, Banister Lake. The state highway reaches its eastern terminus at a four-way intersection with US 360 (James D. Hagood Highway) and SR 344 (Scottsburg Road) west of Scottsburg. SR 344 heads east through the town of Scottsburg to its end in Staunton River State Park at the confluence of the Roanoke River (also known as the Staunton River) and the Dan River.[1][2]
Despite their abysmal differences, the Del Pedregal Barroso, the Mejorada Lezama and Barrio Bravo are three happy marriages, they love each other, and they respect each other, they have everything; less the house of your dreams, since like many Mexicans: they yearn to have the ideal and own house. Bela Barroso (Ingrid Martz), after widowing, will have to face her new condition: "new poor", she is waiting for a miracle that solves such a shameful situation and will remarry Gonzalo Adolfo Del Pedregal, a businessman newly arrived in the city and hiding a dark secret. While, at Marisa's insistence, Goyo Enhanced is more indebted than ever and on the brink of collapse.
And finally, after giving a brief life of to the rich, Chabela and Chacho Bravo must return "close" to the house of the mother-in-law. Chayanne and Fer, sons of Chacho and Gonzalo Adolfo, respectively, who despite their differences, will star in an intense love story, impossible, of course, so they will try to separate them at all costs, generating a fun war between these families.
The term Bregenz Forest Mountains refers to the range according to the Alpine Club classification of the Eastern Alps (AVE); the term Bregenz Forest, by contrast, refers to a landscape or region which is part of the Bregenzer Ache basin area. As a result, the Bregenz Forest Mountains and the Bregenz Forest are not conterminous.
The Bregenz Forest region also includes the southwestern parts of the Allgäu Alps. On the other hand, the Bregenz Forest Mountains reach, to an extent, into the landscapes of the eastern Rhine Valley, as well as to the Walgau Valley of the Ill River and the Großes Walsertal in the south.
As the range is not geologically uniform, the name is rarely used outside of Alpine literature, is also not used in Vorarlberg state geography and land-use planning and belongs to one of the most disputed mountain groups in the AVE. According to an alternative orographically and hydrologically-oriented mountain range classification (Hubert Trimmel, 1962), the mountains belong to a Rhine Valley–Walgau–Bregenz Forest group.
The mountain range is part of a landscape arranged in several tiers rising from the Rhine Valley in the west up to the adjacent Lechquellen Mountains. Most of the area is shaped by a Mittelgebirge character with extended forests and Alpine pastures, except for small High Alpine region in the southeast.
Simms was founded in 1980 by John Simms, a Jackson, Wyoming fishing guide and outfitter. John Simms established the company to manufacture a higher quality of waders and wading equipment than was available at the time. In the mid-1980s, John Simms introduced high quality neoprene waders to the U.S. market. John Simms later sold the company to Life-Link International, another Jackson-based sporting goods manufacturer.[1]
In 1992, K.C. Walsh, a Los Angeles-based management consultant, acquired Simms from Life-Link and moved the business to Bozeman, Montana. Simms employs 115 people in Bozeman and consolidated its manufacturing facilities into a new single 62,000 square feet (5,800 m2) facility in October 2013.[1]
Shortly after K.C. Walsh acquired the company and moved it to Bozeman, Simms introduced a line of breathable waders using Gore-Tex.[1] Simms is the only U.S. and one of only three wader manufacturers in the world to have a license from W.L. Gore and Associates to use Gore-Tex in waders.[3] Simms was one of the first wader manufacturers to produce waders specifically tailored to women fly fishers.[4] In 2006, Simms introduced a high-end zippered wader, using waterproof zippers from the YKK Group in Tokyo. Although not the first ever zippered waders on the market, the Simms G4Z wader set a new standard for zippered waders.[5]
In 2008 Trout Unlimited asked wader and boot manufacturers and anglers to eliminate the use of felt soled waders and boots to help combat the spread of invasive aquatic species. Shortly after, Simms announced that it would eliminate felt-soled waders and boots in its 2010 product line.[6] Even though many states have banned the use of felt soled wading boots, Simms announced in July 2011 that they would re-introduce felt-soled wading boots because of high consumer demand.[7]
Simms manufactures many kinds of men's and women's waders, boots, outerwear, apparel, and travel accessories for fishers and outdoors enthusiasts. It retails its products through a worldwide network of independent fly fishing shops, large sporting goods retailers and online retailers. In 2012, 30 percent of its sales were international and Simms maintains warehouses in Europe, Japan and New Zealand.[1]
Dementia is a 1955 American black-and-white experimental horror film produced, written, and directed by John Parker, and starring Adrienne Barrett and Bruno Ve Sota. The film, which contains no dialogue, follows a young woman's nightmarish experiences during a single night in Los Angeles's skid row. Stylistically, it incorporates elements of horror, film noir, and expressionist film.[2]
Dementia was conceived as a short film by writer-director Parker and was based on a dream relayed to him by his secretary, Barrett. He cast Barrett in the film, along with Ve Sota, and ultimately decided to expand it into a longer feature. The film received a troubled release, being banned in 1953 by the New York State Film Board before finally being released in December 1955. It was later acquired by Jack H. Harris, who edited it and incorporated voice over narration by Ed McMahon before re-releasing it in 1957 under the alternate title Daughter of Horror.
A young woman awakens from a nightmare in a run down hotel. She leaves the lodging and wanders into the night. She encounters a dwarf hawking newspapers with the bold headline "Mysterious stabbing". She smiles enigmatically and quickly walks on. In a dark alley, a wino approaches and grabs her. A policeman rescues her and beats up the drunk as she leaves. Along her way, a pimp, with a pencil-thin mustache, and sharply dressed, approaches her, buys her a flower from a flower girl's basket, and cajoles her into escorting a porcine rich man in a chauffeured limousine. As they cruise through the night, she thinks back to her tragic youth and her abusive father. She had stabbed him to death with a switchblade after he shot and killed her unfaithful mother.
